README.md, before:

IBM Z System Automation collection
==================================

The **IBM Z System Automation collection**, also represented as **ibm_zos_sysauto** in this document,
consists of roles and sample playbooks that you can use with the
[Operations REST server component](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/de/SSWRCJ_4.2.0/com.ibm.safos.doc_4.2/Integrating.html)
of IBM Z System Automation.

This collection allows Ansible to create and delete [dynamic resources](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/de/SSWRCJ_4.2.0/com.ibm.safos.doc_4.2/UserGuide/Dynamic_Resources.html)
from a template defined in the current active policy of an IBM Z System Automation environment.
It interacts with IBM Z System Automation with help of its Operations REST API.


Features
========

The **IBM Z System Automation collection** includes
[roles](https://github.com/ansible-collections/ibm_zos_sysauto/tree/main/roles/) and
[sample playbooks](https://github.com/ansible-collections/ibm_zos_sysauto/tree/main/playbooks/)
to access the IBM Z System Automation Operations REST API.

For guides and reference, see [Docs Site](https://ansible-collections.github.io/ibm_zos_sysauto/index.html).


Copyright
=========

© Copyright IBM Corporation 2020


License
=======

This collection is licensed under [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0).


Author Information
=====================

**IBM Z System Automation collection** is maintained by the IBM Z System Automation development team.
For more information refer to [IBM Z System Automation](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SSWRCJ_4.2.0/com.ibm.safos.doc_4.2/kc_welcome-444.html).

Commit message:

made clear, that there is a broader offering from IBM Z

README.md, after:

IBM Z System Automation collection
==================================

The **IBM Z System Automation collection**, also represented as **ibm_zos_sysauto** in this document,
is preparing to become a part of the broader offering Red Hat® Ansible Certified Content for IBM Z.

The **IBM Z System Automation collection** consists of roles and sample playbooks that you can use with the
[Operations REST server component](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/de/SSWRCJ_4.2.0/com.ibm.safos.doc_4.2/Integrating.html)
of IBM Z System Automation.

This collection allows Ansible to create and delete [dynamic resources](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/de/SSWRCJ_4.2.0/com.ibm.safos.doc_4.2/UserGuide/Dynamic_Resources.html)
from a template defined in the current active policy of an IBM Z System Automation environment.
It interacts with IBM Z System Automation with help of its Operations REST API.

Red Hat Ansible Certified Content for IBM Z
===========================================

Red Hat® Ansible Certified Content for IBM Z provides the ability to connect IBM Z® to clients' wider enterprise
automation strategy through the Ansible Automation Platform ecosystem.
This enables development and operations automation on Z through a seamless, unified workflow orchestration with
configuration management, provisioning, and application deployment in one easy-to-use platform.

The **IBM Z System Automation collection**, as planned to be part of the broader offering
Red Hat® Ansible Certified Content for IBM Z, is available on Galaxy as community supported.

For guides and reference, please visit [the documentation site](https://ansible-collections.github.io/ibm_zos_sysauto/index.html).

Please note: It is IBM's intention to further test and certify the **IBM Z System Automation collection**
once more testing and community feedback is provided.*

*Statements regarding IBM's future direction and intent are subject to change or withdrawal without notice,
and represent goals and objectives only.


Features
========

The **IBM Z System Automation collection** includes
[roles](https://github.com/ansible-collections/ibm_zos_sysauto/tree/main/roles/) and
[sample playbooks](https://github.com/ansible-collections/ibm_zos_sysauto/tree/main/playbooks/)
to access the IBM Z System Automation Operations REST API.


Copyright
=========

© Copyright IBM Corporation 2020


License
=======

This collection is licensed under [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0).
